readme.md, before:

# WooCommerce Quick Edit Products Pro

The plugin help you easily to interact with modification on Woocommerce products. Serving for the purposes of interating fastly, saving time, convinient and easily, the powerful functions/features are placed and able to use on same one screen. They're listed and detailed on FEATURES section below.


## Provided features: 

- Quick Edit product data by one click on table-cell (Save final alters by your acceptance).
- Add more product columns on 'Screen Option' for displaying and editing on product table.
- Ability to edit existing/add new product easily and fastly with full options and features as Woocommerce Adding New Product. (Be able to integrate to extra plugins which are installed and running in screen of adding woocommerce product default).
- Notify you if have some violate modification product data rules. 
- Quick change attributes of multiple products as: status, featured, allow comment, allow back orders, sold individually.
- Quick Setting for: delete confirmation, change edit/add product row color.
- Quick inline-editing common product fields on table-cell as :  Product name, description, short description, SKU, categories, tags, stock status, quantity, regular price, sale price, weight, length , width, height.
- Quick add/remove product featured image and product galleries inline.
- Easily to delete PERMANTLY multiple products.
- Ability to export product data by search/filter result to Excel file type.  
- Ability to update large amount products by importing alerts from Excel file type.
- Ability to export/create template for adding/importing new products respective each woocommerce product type through Exel file type.
- Quick Add/Edit attributes and variations of variable product.
- Quick change the “Product Type” from “Simple Product” to “Variable Product” in bulk


## Installation
####Requirements

(At least)

* PHP 5.6+
* WordPress 4.6.1, WordPress 4.6, WordPress 4.5.4, WordPress 4.5.3, WordPress 4.5.2, WordPress 4.5.1, WordPress 4.5, WordPress 4.4.3, WordPress 4.4.2, WordPress 4.4.1, WordPress 4.4, WordPress 4.3.1, WordPress 4.3, WordPress 4.2, WordPress 4.1, WordPress 4.0
* WooCommerce 2.6.0, WooCommerce 2.5.0, WooCommerce 2.4.x

####Install Methods

* Download/Clone the plugin from this repository
	* Using FTP, upload directory `quick-edit-products-pro` to your website's `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
	
* Note: If you are using and existing "WooCommerce Quick Edit Products (Lite), Please deactivate and delete lite version before install this full version OR You also can upload overwrite if you want.

####Activation Options

* Activate the "WooCommerce Quick Edit Products Pro" plugin after uploading
* Activate the "WooCommerce Quick Edit Products Pro" plugin through WordPress Admin > Plugins

You also can view demo "Woocommerce Quick Edit Products Pro" online in here: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GB0T073_LVg

Thanks!
Thomas

Commit message:

thienld - #21 - Publish first product "Quick Edit Product Pro" - Basic Mode to Codecanyon - V1

readme.md, after:

# WooCommerce Bulk Edit Products Premium

The plugin helps you to interact as easy as with modification on WooCommerce products. Adaptable for the major purposes, such as quickly, saving time, convenient and easily on multiple editing products. Moreover, the powerful functions and features are all-in-one-screen.

## Provided features: 

- Quick Edit product data by one click on table-cell (Save final alters by your acceptance).
- Add more product columns on 'Screen Option' for displaying and editing on product table.
- Ability to edit existing/add new product easily and quickly with full options and features as WooCommerce Adding New Product. (Be able to integrate to extra plugins which are installed and running in screen of adding WooCommerce product default).
- Notify you if have some violate modification product data rules. 
- Quick change attributes of multiple products as: status, featured, allow comment, allow back orders, sold individually.
- Quick Setting for: delete confirmation, change edit/add product row color.
- Quick inline-editing common product fields on table-cell as :  Product name, description, short description, SKU, categories, tags, stock status, quantity, regular price, sale price, weight, length , width, height.
- Quick add/remove product featured image and product galleries inline.
- Be easy to either TRASH or DELETE PERMANENTLY the multiple products.  

## Installation
####Requirements

(At least)

* PHP 5.6+
* WordPress 4.6.x to 5.4.x 
* WooCommerce 3.x to 4.x

Thanks!
Thomas
